gpu: fix operator deployment instructions (#20552)
DataDog/integrations-core: gpu/README.md

          env:
            # add this env var, if using operator version 1.14.x
            - name: DD_ENABLE_NVML_DETECTION
              value: "true"
            # add this env var, if using operator versions 1.14.x or 1.15.x
            - name: DD_COLLECT_GPU_TAGS
              value: "true"
```

For **mixed environments**, use the [DatadogAgentProfiles (DAP) feature](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-operator/blob/main/docs/datadog_agent_profiles.md) of the operator, which allows different configurations to be deployed for different nodes. Note that this feature is disabled by default, so it needs to be enabled. For more information, see [Enabling DatadogAgentProfiles](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-operator/blob/main/docs/datadog_agent_profiles.md#enabling-datadogagentprofiles).

> Modifying the DatadogAgent manifest is necessary to enable certain features that are not supported by the DAP yet:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, modify the DatadogAgent manifest to enable certain features that are not supported by the DAP yet:
```
☝🏻 Suggested wording to try to make these sections flow better together. Also, I noticed that we use both the phrases `the DatadogAgent manifest` and `the DatadogAgent configuration` - do they refer to the same thing? If so, it probably makes sense to use consistent terminology instead.

Additionally, the agent needs to be configured so that the NVIDIA container runtime exposes GPUs to the agent. This can be done via environment variables or volume mounts, depending on whether the `accept-nvidia-visible-devices-as-volume-mounts` parameter is set to `true` or `false` in the NVIDIA container runtime configuration. We recommend configuring the agent both ways, as it reduces the chance of misconfiguration and there are no side effects to having both.

> Also, the PodResources socket needs to be exposed to the agent too to integrate with the Kubernetes Device Plugin. Again, this needs to be done globally as the DAP does not yet support conditional volume mounts.

Reviewer 2: agree with this one, short bullet one liners are easier to follow and not miss, rather than long paragraphs of plain text.

In summary, the changes that need to be applied to the DatadogAgent manifest are the following:

```yaml
spec:
  features:

>     oomKill: # Only enable this feature if there is nothing else that requires the system-probe container in all agent pods

Reviewer 2: why do we need to enable oomkill for SP? enabling GPUM is not enough?

>     oomKill: # Only enable this feature if there is nothing else that requires the system-probe container in all agent pods

Author: These are the instructions for the mixed environments, so we can't enable GPUM everywhere.

>     oomKill: # Only enable this feature if there is nothing else that requires the system-probe container in all agent pods

Reviewer 2: discussed that on slack, resolving for now

      enabled: true

override:
    nodeAgent:
      volumes:
        - name: nvidia-devices
          hostPath:
            path: /dev/null
        - name: pod-resources
          hostPath:
            path: /var/lib/kubelet/pod-resources
      containers:
        agent:
          env:
            - name: NVIDIA_VISIBLE_DEVICES
              value: "all"
          volumeMounts:
            - name: nvidia-devices
              mountPath: /dev/nvidia-visible-devices
              readOnly: true
            - name: pod-resources
              mountPath: /var/lib/kubelet/pod-resources
              readOnly: true
        system-probe:
          env:
            - name: NVIDIA_VISIBLE_DEVICES
              value: "all"
          volumeMounts:
            - name: nvidia-devices
              mountPath: /dev/nvidia-visible-devices
              readOnly: true
            - name: pod-resources
              mountPath: /var/lib/kubelet/pod-resources

>               readOnly: true

Reviewer 2: i vaguely remember that we need it as `rw` ([ref](https://datadoghq.atlassian.net/browse/EBPF-681))

Author: Fixed

            env:
              - name: DD_GPU_MONITORING_ENABLED
                value: "true"
          # add this env var, if using operator version 1.14.x      
          agent:
            env:
              - name: DD_ENABLE_NVML_DETECTION
                value: "true" 

>               # add this env var, if using operator versions 1.14.x or 1.15.x

Reviewer 2: same here

>                 value: "true"

Reviewer 2: why removing the original comment?
this env is required for customers that still use operator version 1.14, as you added it explicitly to the gpu/feature only in 1.15

Author: In this case we do actually need it no matter the operator version. The profile needs to enable all environment variables needed for GPU monitoring manually.
